Publishing zones as marker array (#329)
PilzDE/psen_scan_v2: test/acceptance_tests/acceptancetest_multiple_zones_display.md

> # Acceptance test to verify the bug where multiple zones are displayed at the same time. 
> 
> [#328](https://github.com/PilzDE/psen_scan_v2/issues/328)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Acceptance test to verify that multiple zones are not displayed simultaniously. 

Definition of the identified error case can be found in : [Issue #328](https://github.com/PilzDE/psen_scan_v2/issues/328)
```

## Setup
Make sure your scanner has a configuration with two different zone sets, for example like [this file](acceptancetest_multiple_zones_display.xml)

Then make sure, the launchfile `acceptancetest_multiple_zones_display.launch` also uses that config.

> ## Expected output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test procedure
```
